Question 1. 
Git:
1. Git is software. 
2. Git is a command line tool.
3. Git is installed locally on the system.
4. Git is maintained by linux.
5. git is focused on version and code sharing.
   
Github: 
1. Github is a service.
2. Github is a graphical user interface.
3. Github is hosted on the web.
4. Github is maintained by microsoft.
5. Github is focused on centralized source code hosting.
  
Question 2.
The version control system helps manage the source code for the software team by keeps track of all the code modification.
it is protects the source code from any uniteded human error and consequences.furthermore, tricking changes, collaboration and integration in developments tools.

Question 3.
Repositories in Git contain a collection of files of various different of a projects. these files are imported from the repository into the local server of the user for further updations and modifications in the content of the file.
 
Question 4.
i.create a folder for this project on your local hard drive 
$ mkdir myproject
2. change into this folder
$ cd myproject
3. initialize a new. empty Git repository here
$ git init
4. add all changes to the next (= first) commit
$ git add.
5. create this first commit
git commit -m"initial commit"
  
Question 5.
1.Git add: moves changes from the working directory to the staging area. this gives the opportunity to prepare a snapshot before committing it to the official hosting
2.Git breach: this command is your general purpose breach administration tool. it lets you create isolated development environment within a single repository.
3.Git checkout: in addition checking out old commits and old file revisions, git checkout is also the means to navigate existing breanches.

Question
Git: is distributed version control system that tracks chages ibn any set computer files.usually used for coordinating work among programmers colllabratively developing source code during software development.
Question 
Git directory : is where git stores the meta-data and object databae for your project. also git directory is configuration file for git.
Question 10: if we delete the. git folder, the information saved by git will be lost, and directory will no longer act as a git repository.
   
